Changes from my multiple-choice work (#4368)
allenai/allennlp: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

- `BertPooler` can now unwrap and re-wrap extra dimensions if necessary.
- Added some convenience methods for reading files.

### Fixed

- Reduced the amount of log messages produced by `allennlp.common.file_utils`.

> - Put more snesible default on the `huggingface_adamw` optimizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Put more sensible defaults on the `huggingface_adamw` optimizer.
```
